!!!!!!!!!!!!
You need to do more with Rita. Believe me, I'd like to. I could use a leather jacket for when I'm on my hog and have to go into a controlled slide. Shémale. Taste the happy, Michael. Taste it. It tastes kind of like sad. A trick is something a whore does for money… or cocaine. I'm in Vegas this week and would like to point out the Blue Man Group is *actually* hiring. The support group? Maybe it was the other George Michael. You know, the singer-songwriter. 

If I wanted something your thumb touched, I'd eat the inside of your ear. That's my son, you pothead! Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit? So did you see the new Poof? His name's Gary and we don't need anymore lawsuits. Everybody dance NOW. No, I was ashamed to be SEEN with you. I like being WITH you. 

I'm sure, wherever your father is, she loves you very much. Why are you squeezing me with your body? I didn't mean who… I meant… her? They don't allow you to have bees in here. I run a pretty tight ship around here. With a pool table. 

A million ****ing diamonds! Look at us, crying like a bunch of girls on the last day of camp. Maybe it was the other George Michael. You know, the singer-songwriter. Second-of-ly, I know you're the big marriage expert. Oh I'm sorry, I forgot, your wife is dead. That's my son, you pothead! Buster, what are you doing with mother's rape-horn? Did you know that more frozen bananas are sold right here on this boardwalk than anywhere on the OC? 

You might enjoy this.  Oh. Em. Gee. That's amazing. Tobias is Queen Mary. Boy, I sure feel like a Mary without a Peter and a Paul. But I did finally get into Dad's pants. Although I had to have the crotch taken in a little bit. I know, I just call her Annabelle cause she's shaped like a… she's the belle of the ball! Gosh Mom… after all these years, God's not going to take a call from you. That's how Tony Wonder lost a nut. 

Hey, maybe you could pop a tent outside with your cousin Maeby… it'd be a good chance to rub off on her. OH MY GOD, WE'RE HAVING A FIRE… sale. Oh, the burning! ♪♪ Amaaaaaaziiiing Graaaace ♪♪ 

If I make this comeback, I'll buy you a hundred George Michaels that you can teach to drive! Perhaps an attic shall I seek. Yeah, that's a cultural problem is what it is. You know, your average American male is in a perpetual state of adolescence, you know, arrested development. (Hey. That's the name of the show!) He's going to be all right. You might enjoy this.  Oh. Em. Gee. That's amazing. 

You're a good guy, mon frere. That means brother in French. I don't know how I know that. I took four years of Spanish. I just don't want him to point out my cracker ass in front of Ann. Well, I spent so much time making sweet love on my wife that it's hard to hear anything over the clatter of her breasts. Oh, I don't have any drugs for sale, unless… did you want me to follow you to your car? If I make this comeback, I'll buy you a hundred George Michaels that you can teach to drive! 

This was a big get for God. Te quiero. English, please. I love you! Great, now I'm late. Did Ted make an appointment? No. Well, then Ted can GET THE HELL OUT OF THIS OFFICE! YOU GET THE HELL OUT! I made a huge tiny mistake. 

You need to do more with Rita. Believe me, I'd like to. If I make this comeback, I'll buy you a hundred George Michaels that you can teach to drive! I don't want no part of yo tight-ass country club, ya freak bitch! I should be in this Poof. Yeah, like anyone would want to R her. Say goodbye to THESE! You don't want a hungry dove down your pants. I'm gonna build me an airport, put my name on it. Why, Michael? So you can fly away from your feelings? 

